Pipeline Release 1.4.0 (#253)
nf-core/variantbenchmarking: docs/usage.md

- `test_regions`: Test regions to be used for intersection analysis. Default: .bed format.

## Concordance analysis

Concordance analysis enables comparison of test VCFs with each other without the need of truth VCF. GATK4 Concordance can only be applied to small (including snv and indel for somatic samples) variants.

> In order to perform concordance analysis, just add _--method "concordance"_ . There is no need to provide truth VCF or id for concordance analysis. However, be carefull as concordance can be coupled to benchmarking analysis which requires truth VCF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to perform concordance analysis, just add `--method "concordance"` . There is no need to provide truth VCF or id for concordance analysis. However, be carefull as concordance can be coupled to benchmarking analysis which requires truth VCF.
```

```csv title="samplesheet.csv"
id,test_vcf,caller
test1,test1.vcf.gz,delly
test2,test2.vcf,gatk
test3,test3.vcf.gz,cnvkit
```

## Analysis Plots

There are 3 types of plots generated through the pipeline

> 1. Metrics plots: TP/FN/FP Numbers, Recal vs precison, and F1 score (can be skipped by --skip_plots "metrics")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Metrics plots: TP/FN/FP numbers, recall vs precision, and F1 score (can be skipped by --skip_plots "metrics")
```

2. Upset plots: TP_comp vs FP and TP_bse vs FN upset plots (can be skipped by --skip_plots "upset")

> 3. SV lenght distribitions plots: INDEL lenght distribition histograms per TP_comp, TP_Base, FP, and FN variants (can be skipped by --skip_plots "svlenght")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. SV length distributions plots: INDEL length distribution histograms per TP_comp, TP_Base, FP, and FN variants (can be skipped by --skip_plots "svlength")
```

- `test_regions`: Test regions to be used for intersection analysis. Default: .bed format.

## Concordance analysis

Concordance analysis enables comparison of test VCFs with each other without the need of truth VCF. GATK4 Concordance can only be applied to small (including snv and indel for somatic samples) variants.

In order to perform concordance analysis, just add `--method "concordance"` . There is no need to provide truth VCF or id for concordance analysis. However, be carefull as concordance can be coupled to benchmarking analysis which requires truth VCF.

```csv title="samplesheet.csv"
id,test_vcf,caller
test1,test1.vcf.gz,delly
test2,test2.vcf,gatk
test3,test3.vcf.gz,cnvkit
```

## Analysis Plots

There are 3 types of plots generated through the pipeline

1. Metrics plots: TP/FN/FP numbers, recal vs precison, and F1 score (can be skipped by --skip_plots "metrics")
2. Upset plots: TP_comp vs FP and TP_bse vs FN upset plots (can be skipped by --skip_plots "upset")

> 3. SV lenght distribitions plots: INDEL lenght distribition histograms per TP_comp, TP_Base, FP, and FN variants (can be skipped by --skip_plots "svlength")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. SV length distributions plots: INDEL length distribution histograms per TP_comp, TP_Base, FP, and FN variants (can be skipped by --skip_plots "svlength")
```

Author: Hey, thanks for the fix! But I cannot commit the suggestions as dev branch is protected..
